---
layout: single
title:  "Redpoint Services"
date:   2023-06-29 16:23:00 -0600
categories: posts appsec assessment customer
tags: appsec assessment pentest secure-code webapp
permalink: /Redpoint-Services/
classes: wide
---

## <span style="color:red">Application Security in 2023: An In-Depth Look at Redpoint's Service Offerings</span>
Introduction: In the ever-evolving landscape of cybersecurity, safeguarding your applications is of paramount importance. There are a range of statistics that can highlight the importance of securing applications against breaches, and we've seen the charts that place the couple drops in a bucket cost of a Application Security Assessment against the veritable cost deluge of data breaches (according to IBM, average is $4 Million dollars cost to a business that suffers a breach).  But the fears of exploit are well known and companies have for a long time thought of security as a cost sink in their business plan, and we've been going at this long enough to realize that often companies who seek us out realize that we're sort of a marketing partner rather than a simple compliance check. Sales can look at our reports, too, and more than once we've head how security evaluations make their way into sales pitches, especially when peace of mind is pretty hard to come by when securing your valuable assets and your customer data during a time of rapid technological change.  

At our small application security firm, backed by seasoned principal consultants with decades of experience in the information security industry, we have a range of ways we secure your company's assets and your customers' data against an array of threats, old and new. And our extensive service offerings have catered to significant national financial institutions, international web3 DeFi projects, and well-known retail and eCommerce companies that are household names. In this blog post, we want to show you why our clients have trusted us. And we will delve into the diverse range of services we provide because we want you to not only see why Application Security makes sense for your company, but also why Redpoint is uniquely positioned to help.

## <span style="color:red">What we do at Redpoint</span> 
1. The Application Security Assessment (ASA): One of our most basic services, the Application Security Assessment (ASA), involves a comprehensive and real-time analysis of your applications. With reliable tools and a thorough checklist following a proven methodology, we uncover potential vulnerabilities and deliver actionable remediation advice to enhance your application's security posture.

2. Secure Code Review (SCR): Automated tools can only go so far in detecting complex security issues. Our seasoned security experts conduct meticulous manual secure-code reviews, diving deep into the source code to find intricate vulnerabilities that automated scans might miss. With our keen eye for detail and extensive experience, we alight on the lines of code that have the most important security implications for your application and then we scrutinize it for potential risks. Code level remediation advice follows, which provides developers solutions in perhaps the most userful for to them.

3. Hybrid Application Security Assessment (HASA): The Hybrid Application Security Assessment (HASA) represents the strategic combination of our ASA and Secure Code Review services. Linking the strengths of these two approaches, we conduct a thorough evaluation of your application, using Secure-Code Review to find impactful vulnerabilities and edge-case conditions that we can then validate dynamically. Hybrid reviews frequently elicit discoveries that long-term developers themselves are surprised to see spring up in an application review. For our customers who return to us after an Application Security Assessment, we recommend the HASA for its potential to provide a peace of mind that the application domain has truly been probed for outstanding vulnerabilities, and, after mitigation, constitute a level of security that will be envied by your company's industry peers. 

4. Mobile Application Security Assessment (MASA): Redpoint has been an industry leader in Mobile Application security since its inception. Our company founder has taught some of the widest distributed and well received trainings on Swift and iOS security in the past 15 years, and the methodology and checklist we've developed for iOS and Android reviews has proven to successfully improve security controls for mobile applications for our clients developing finance, eCommerce, retail and lifestyle applications.

5. DevSecOps Consulting: We understand that securing your applications is not limited to just one phase of development. Our DevSecOps Consulting service revolves around integrating security into every step of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC). Key components of this service include:
•	Developer Training: Empowering your development team with the expertise to write secure code from the outset, fostering a proactive security mindset.
•	Security Champion Programs: Assisting in the establishment of Security Champion Programs, where designated team members advocate for security awareness and best practices within your organization.
•	Threat Modeling and Tabletop Exercises: Collaborating with your team to perform threat modeling and tabletop exercises, identifying potential risks early on and strengthening incident response capabilities.

6. Smart Contract Secure Code Reviews for Web3 Clients: For our Web3 clientele, we specialize in Smart Contract Secure Code Reviews. In the blockchain and decentralized finance (DeFi) world, securing smart contracts is critical precisely because the assets that are being protected are highly lucrative. Our team at Redpoint has worked to extend our code expertise into the emerging cryptoeconomy, so that we can ensure that your applications resist attacks and operate securely within the decentralized ecosystem.

As a leading application security firm, we take immense pride in our vast experience and commitment to providing top-notch security solutions. From our Application Security Assessment (ASA) and Hybrid Application Security Assessment (HASA) to our DevSecOps Consulting and Smart Contract Secure Code Reviews, our services are tailored to suit a range of security needs for companies large and small. You can Entrust your application security to our team of experienced professionals and gain the confidence to navigate the fast-changing cybersecurity landscape.
For any inquiries or to learn more about our services,  contact us at info@redpointsecurity.com. Also, feel free to look through our sample Application Review report here to get an idea of one of our engagement deliverables. 
We eagerly anticipate the opportunity to collaborate with you, securing your digital infrastructure and safeguarding your organization's assets and customer data.

<object data="{{ site.baseurl }}{{ '/assets/documents/RPS-Sample-Report-2023.pdf' }}" width="1000" height="1000" type='application/pdf'>